hi this is pressure Locker let's discuss
the Monty Hall problem you're on a game
show where you have the choice to pick
door number one two or three behind two
of the doors is nothing and behind one
of the doors is a car you pick door
number one the host who knows the
location of the car shows you door
number two is nothing do you stay on
door number one or do you switch to door
number three switching to door number
three is actually the much better choice
statistically even though it seems like
staying and switching should not matter
let's do an experiment to illustrate why
we are going to randomize the location
of the car and we're going to imagine
picking one of the doors where the car
isn't and deciding whether it's better
to stay on door number one or switch to
door numbers two or three whichever one
was not empty initially it seems like
staying or switching does not matter but
as we do the experiment a hundred times
we find that switching is a much better
strategy almost two times better than
staying the reason is that when you stay
you only win when the car was initially
behind door number one when you switch
you will win if the car was behind doors
number two or three the Monty Hall
problem seems like a paradox because of
how it stated imagine the host tells you
look you can stay on door number one and
you'll win only if the car is behind
that door or I'll allow you to switch to
win on doors number two or three and by
the way when you switch I'll open one of
those doors where the car is not behind
now it's obvious that switching allows
you to win for two doors
whereas staying only allows you to win
for one door please subscribe to my
channel I make videos on math and game
theory you can support mind your
decisions on patreon to get exclusive
rewards you can also catch me on my blog
mind your decisions on Twitter at presh
tell
Walker or get my books at Amazon